# To-do, Sep 18 2pm.

## Ultrasound based arterial vascular impedance calculation

1. Existing for the relevant code versions.

 **Location**: D:\2020 compre time -Present\Obj 2 Ultrasound exp\0000 Ultrasouund reccent _ using versalab Z cLCULtion\Aug20 pgm.

- [ ]  for_dft_mean.m : this is complete area and flow pgm for **video**.  Uses **dft method**. Doesn't work for doppler windowed videos.                                                                         ———> (I)

       Use: ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\2020d1___0287e4_A00.avi   and

               ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\pos1

       

- [ ]  USanalysis.m     : this is the code with frame-wise area calculation and respective fft (using **instfreq fn)** of audio calculation in **video**.

      —> Decided not to go with instfreq fn as it is an unclear method 

      Use: ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\2020d1___0287e4_A00.avi   and

              ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\pos1

- [ ]  findDiameter_paintCalibrated.m : this code is for **image-area** calculation. The pgm uses canny edge-detection. The images are recorded **with a reddish tint** on grayscale mode. Works only for those images in this folder:

      Use: ....\Aug20 pgm\working test media. 

D:\2020 compre time -Present\Obj 2 Ultrasound exp\0000 Ultrasouund reccent _ using versalab Z cLCULtion\Aug20 pgm\00000 correct impedance calc

- [ ]  impedance.m  :  This has the algorithm for P/Q sorted.            ———> (II)

       Use: media from other folder ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\2020d1___0287e4_A00.avi   

               ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\2020d1___0287e4_A00.avi\impedance  : flow

               ...\Aug20 pgm\working test media\2020d1___0287e4_A00.avi\pressure      : pressure (dummy generated from ppg)

          

[To-do,%20Sep%2018%202pm%200d4c7e26b9744202922c888f8a43047f/Rules_for_running_the_code.pdf](To-do,%20Sep%2018%202pm%200d4c7e26b9744202922c888f8a43047f/Rules_for_running_the_code.pdf)

**RECENT UPDATES ON AREA CALCULATION as window from doppler created errors:**

D:\2020 compre time -Present\Obj 2 Ultrasound exp\Vascular_US_git

- [ ]  a. WinElimnForDopplerArea.m : for RGB layer based removal of window based area detection error. This uses grayImage = min(hRect, [], 3); and the following code in b. is the same except that it uses: grayImage=hRect; (this is accepted as it worked for imcompliment fn).

       Use: D:\2020 compre time -Present\Obj 2 Ultrasound exp\CALIB1_\_CALIB1___0887e4_A01.avi

- [ ]  b. Image_area_determination.m: This is for recent windowed doppler area detection error correction. Window frame was causing errors and this was corrected using the RGB layers.

      This is the working algorithm now and not a. 

      Use: D:\2020 compre time -Present\Obj 2 Ultrasound exp\CALIB1_\_CALIB1___0887e4_A01.avi

  

- [ ]  c. Check code from AT.
- [ ]  Conclude b or c.                                                                                  ———> (III)

**Integration**:

- [ ]  Update I with III.
- [ ]  Incorporate into II.